When I built this course,
I really tried to put together materials, quizzes,
and lessons that would have helped me when
I first started my journey in AI in healthcare.
I have gone over many topics that are relevant not only in my previous work at McKesson,
but in my current job at Genentech and Roche.
Because I'm a graduate of Udacity nano degree programs,
I can understand how powerful this can be in your development too.
I truly believe at the end of this course,
you will have knowledge and skills to make a profound impact in healthcare and in
particular for increasing the quality and access of care for patients.
I hope you're as excited as I am to get started on this course.
Let's do this.